So, it turns out that you bascially *need* to commmit `hardware-configuration.nix` into the git repository, as Flakes are very pedantic on being "pure" and being completely reproducible. Although to me it feels like including `hardware-configuration.nix` does the opposite of that, as that is specific to this machine; no other machine can use that file to create a working version of the flake, right? It is an auto-generated file, created through invoking `nixos-generate-config`. \
When in doubt, [turn to Claude](https://claude.ai/share/7ee1a4f8-9617-4735-bd15-e21f63bbe87f) (*sigh...*).

Claude seems to claim (probably correctly) that this is *by design*. You do indeed *need* to include `hardware-configuration.nix` if you want to have the complete "picture" of what I had when making this flake. Although this picture seems to be more for show than for actual usefulness, as it still doesn't state what *actual hardware* I had in the making of this flake, nor does it help make my flake more reproducible in a wider variety of circumstances, because either

1. We didn't include `hardware-configuration.nix` in the flake, forcing the user to generate their own with `nixos-generate-config`. However, this potentially different configuration means that the flake may not behave as intended, and we are not guaranteed reproducibility.
2. We *do* include `hardware-configuration.nix`. Now the user has configuration not meant for their hardware, which will be far more likely to fail and create more egregious unintended behaviour, seeming to reduce reproducibility.

Perhaps the perspective is that this is just an exception to the rule, so to speak. By forcing me to track all files in Git that the flake references, we're in general reducing the burden on other systems (that are pulling the flake from say, GitHub) to be in a certain state to be able to run the flake. For example, a website I create requires the target server to have a MySQL server runing, certain environment variables of connection strings, secret keys, etc. and that is increasing the burden of supporting the website on the server. If only all of my secrets, MySQL server instances and corresponding connection strings could be uploaded to GitHub and easily pulled by the server! What do you mean there should be a distinction between development and production? And what is this about secrets uploaded to potentially-public repositories no longer being "secret"? Bah humbug, I say!

But on a serious note, it seems way too presumptive of the flakes system that I can't have any dependencies on machine-specific configuration. After all, ultimately *every* flake is run on some sort of machine, and it seems illogical to try and almost ignore that fact? The flake still can't capture the dependence it has on the hardware it runs on to put that in the Git repository for "version control" or sharing and reproducibility. If you wanted true reproducibility, you don't put `hardware-configuration.nix` in the Git repository, you put `hardware-configuration.nix` *AND* my entire literal computer. But since my literal computer depends on a wall socket for power and a LAN router for networking you should also include the entire house. And then the power grid as well, since the house depends on it for power. Am I missing anything?
